hi I'm Bridget this is slope style with
skis.com and snowboards.com
I'm here with Alex from The North Face
and we're gonna talk about the Atlas
Triclimate jacket which this jacket is
like a steady jacket in our line we saw
a lot of them very versatile yeah
absolutely
so first can you tell me what this
jacket the way it fits cuz if it's
different than yeah this is we classify
this is our relaxed fit it can work in a
lot of different scenarios it's not too
long it's not too baggy it's not too
tight just relaxed very easy
fit to it I were up men's large I would
buy a men's large in this jacket would
fit just fine
okay so if it's pretty true to size yep
absolutely so what about the
waterproofing and breathability yeah so
this is a try Clement setup so what it
offers this basically three jackets in
one so starting on the outside it starts
with a waterproof breathable HyVent
shell it's a two layer construction full
of pockets and pit zips and detachable
hood all kinds of different features
okay and then you move inside to a 200
gram fleece jacket that is zipin zipout
compatible okay and is it a heavyweight
please alight you know it's 260 grams to
200 weight fleece a really nice big
layer and you can wear that yeah I sure
could and it zips in it does hip in and
it gives you the freedom if you have
other zip incompatible styles you could
combine them with the shell and mix it
all up so what would you say this jacket
who this jackets for I really it's for
just about anybody I mean it's a great
winter coat it's a good going to school
coat it's a great outdoor jacket it's a
great ski jacket it just doesn't have a
powder skirt it really is a
jack-of-all-trades it can do just about
anything you want if you're trying to
find one jacket to do everything in this
is the go so it sounds like it's a go-to
coat absolutely for everybody no wonder
we sell so much so that's the Atlas
Triclimate jacket for men
Alex thanks for talking about it
this is ourselves